Don't download IERS table if it is recent enough as indicated by auto_max_age (#19995)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/utils/19995.api.rst

``IERS_Auto.open`` no longer downloads the latest IERS-A table over the network.

> It now always reads the table bundled in ``astropy-iers-data`` (or a

Reviewer: This starts with a tagline of what users are likely to care about / understand and then gets to the implementation change.
```suggestion
The ``IERS_Auto`` class has been improved to eliminate unnecessary downloads of the
latest IERS-A table over the network. The ``IERS_Auto.open`` method 
now always reads the table bundled in ``astropy-iers-data`` (or a

```

Author: I've tried to reword it to make the first sentence not even mention IERS_Auto which the average user won't know about, but they may have seen the downloads happening.
